#Between the Extasy and Agony

A friend of mine recently conffessed that the pseudo-plathonic relationship she trapped herself in was going no where. She felt devasted over the posibility of losing something that was never there to beging with. And though, the signs were there from the beginning she kept feeding the ilusion untill it bite her back hard ripping her heart in half. Because I love her dearly, and because I've been in the similar situations number of times, I write this _Love Conffesion_ to remind her, myself, and all others that after the rain comes the sun, and that after the sun come clouds and a storm. In that respect our inner life could be reflecting a furtile soil for cultivating many goods. Personaly, I'd take that over dry deserts any day.

The Generation Y, as many like to reffere to the contemporary 20 and 30 year olds, is specific in many asspects; however, one sticks out as it seams to be the ongoing theme and strugle accross the globe. Relationships are the source of human's highest highs and lowest lows. They can cause extacy or agony, and often both at the same time. Than what are so many of us doing wrong, since we seam to be unable to form and maintain one? I cannot say with certancy but I have made some interesting observations over the time. It's up to the each individual to draw a conclusion. You and I might not agrre on everything but here's a Goliatah everyone seams to stuble upon.

#Can We Be Afraid of Losing Something We Don't Have?

As in any sphere of human activity fear plays a major role in forming relationships. I find it fascinatng that so many of us are too terrrified of losing someone we might feel emotional about that we don't even allow the relationship to happen in the first place. We crave emotions but we don't alow them to develop. At least not to fully develop; as if we a nourusing a baby inside a uterus for months, even years, but we wont let it to come out, to be born, and to become a real, living thing.

Honesty is replaced with precausion, care with interest, loyalty with objectivity, and love with selfishness. As much as it might be practical to keep our actions, thoughts and emotions in check, the oveerwhelming contronl wont replace the feelings we yearn for.

Those who have been hurt in the past struggle to move on. Once they finally do, insted of putting their fears aside and welcoming new people and new relationships with an oppen heart they they tend to take them out on the new person. He or she is you new partner who hasn't cheated, lied, betrayled, disapointed or left you yet. I say yet because accusiong someone of a crime undone is not only unjust, but it could also lead to a dreaded behaviour. However, that's a risck one has to be ready to take on if they intend to ever ingage in a miningful relationship.

_Being ready_ is becoming a main theme when it comes to the conversations about relationships, usually in the context of: _Not being ready_ for something or someone. But talking about it wont change anything in the declayning stage of relationships unless we take steps towards becoming ready. Saying, "I am not ready," and leaving it at is like saying, "I am an achocolic," and not doing anything about it while hoping to end an addiction.

##The Strugle is Real

Peopele are becoming open minded and close hearted. Let's not let it be the main characteristic of Generation Y's relationships. We might be vitnessing the epohal shift in the way people form micro and macro societies. Relationships might be evolving (whether they're evolving or degrading it's a topic for another discussion) from ones formed with love and care, or at least an illusion of it, to the ones statuated in a fair trade, burgin, and excange of goods. In order for the former to become posible before finding cure for cancer scientist should to find a cure for emotions. Untill then we are ought to make the best out of what we are given.
